README.md, before:

# Vehicle Detection 

## Compare different model by using same dataset

1. [MobileNet-YOLO](https://github.com/eric612/Caffe-YOLOv2-Windows)

2. [YoloV3](https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/)

3. [FasterRCNN](https://github.com/intel/caffe)

4. [MobileNet(V2) SSD](https://github.com/eric612/MobileNet-SSD-windows)

### MobileNet-YOLO Result

[MobileNetV2-YOLOV2 model](https://gist.github.com/eric612/46ef14840c10aa9a0b8b5f4bf5a45ee9)

[weights](/MobileNet-YOLO/MobileNetYOLO-V2_custom_iter_20000.caffemodel)

[model](/MobileNet-YOLO/deploy_custom.prototxt)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/JuCfOI9DrQ4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuCfOI9DrQ4)

### YOLOv3 Tiny Result

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rA5nHltRGRE/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA5nHltRGRE)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/KSsnJuSrWMw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSsnJuSrWMw)

### YOLOv3 Tiny Model 

[weights](/YOLO/yolov3-tiny_final.weights)

[model](/YOLO/yolov3-tiny.cfg)

### YOLOv3-416x416-full Result

[![YOLOv3-full](https://img.youtube.com/vi/YYz58loXJU0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYz58loXJU0)

### YOLOv3-416x416-full Model

[weights](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1BIBiZmTQOuqV2yQ1S67FSMCzRTmzThon)

[model](/YOLO/yolov3.cfg)

### MobileNetSSD Model

[weights](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LbLSTPFSlHML5qAUYN-kt1bw2HxvvNWS)

[model](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KOE5r-71FFWU0LZbpo9HMEUwM_RE1LHR)

### MobileNetSSD_V2 Model

[weights](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v5X4tCaMFa59cfS4Ksr1J-Fl40vKlfpl)

[model](https://github.com/eric612/MobileNet-SSD-windows/blob/master/models/MobileNetV2/deploy.prototxt)

### MobileNetSSD Result 

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/jn6SOzT_wPA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn6SOzT_wPA)

### MobileNetSSD_V2 Result 

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/oc3tXxOoSH4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc3tXxOoSH4)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/dsdeU8B0CJE/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsdeU8B0CJE)

### FasterRCNN Model

[VGG16](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1NQ9F74FTZnXM-hyuwYAoDBOYBjDSf5bp)

[VGG19](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1FiSktKooiABZJB5UIun9tAmD5aTEAHxn)

### FasterRCNN Result 

####VGG19

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/NhID_pNwgac/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhID_pNwgac)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/AjnaTelt0KM/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjnaTelt0KM)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/vxk77dicGAQ/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxk77dicGAQ)

####VGG16

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/xjIB9t1tLOg/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjIB9t1tLOg)



### Source Video

[street](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wkk_n_yXz0C8nuwPK_1B8bJVJf7vzWeB)

[tunnel](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TDdBmZDtm_02WCLM3ENvnNnm6jUmeJFu)

[rear view](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1pJQ4F1jqUHywI9bw0r2f3R-xyJOghujm)

[night 1](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1r2QyxgAy_dt_30rWZXcHG5TE0zltXdkY)

[night 2](https://drive.google.com/open?id=11NKTl15IPMdowTZnVVW8_HAYSdpTeJU-)

Commit message:

Update new mobilenet-yolo models

README.md, after:

# Vehicle Detection 

## Compare different model by using same dataset

1. [MobileNet-YOLO](https://github.com/eric612/MobileNet-YOLO)

2. [YoloV3](https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/)

3. [FasterRCNN](https://github.com/intel/caffe)

4. [MobileNet(V2) SSD](https://github.com/eric612/MobileNet-SSD-windows)

### MobileNet-YOLO Result

[Run on linux](https://github.com/eric612/MobileNet-YOLO)

[Run on windows](https://github.com/eric612/Caffe-YOLOv2-Windows)

[Models and Weights](https://github.com/eric612/MobileNet-YOLO/tree/master/models/vehicle)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/oagXgyQHuNA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oagXgyQHuNA)

### YOLOv3 Tiny Result

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rA5nHltRGRE/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA5nHltRGRE)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/KSsnJuSrWMw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSsnJuSrWMw)

### YOLOv3 Tiny Model 

[weights](/YOLO/yolov3-tiny_final.weights)

[model](/YOLO/yolov3-tiny.cfg)

### YOLOv3-416x416-full Result

[![YOLOv3-full](https://img.youtube.com/vi/YYz58loXJU0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYz58loXJU0)

### YOLOv3-416x416-full Model

[weights](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1BIBiZmTQOuqV2yQ1S67FSMCzRTmzThon)

[model](/YOLO/yolov3.cfg)

### MobileNetSSD Model

[weights](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LbLSTPFSlHML5qAUYN-kt1bw2HxvvNWS)

[model](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KOE5r-71FFWU0LZbpo9HMEUwM_RE1LHR)

### MobileNetSSD_V2 Model

[weights](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1v5X4tCaMFa59cfS4Ksr1J-Fl40vKlfpl)

[model](https://github.com/eric612/MobileNet-SSD-windows/blob/master/models/MobileNetV2/deploy.prototxt)

### MobileNetSSD Result 

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/jn6SOzT_wPA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn6SOzT_wPA)

### MobileNetSSD_V2 Result 

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/oc3tXxOoSH4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc3tXxOoSH4)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/dsdeU8B0CJE/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsdeU8B0CJE)

### FasterRCNN Model

[VGG16](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1NQ9F74FTZnXM-hyuwYAoDBOYBjDSf5bp)

[VGG19](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1FiSktKooiABZJB5UIun9tAmD5aTEAHxn)

### FasterRCNN Result 

####VGG19

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/NhID_pNwgac/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhID_pNwgac)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/AjnaTelt0KM/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjnaTelt0KM)

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/vxk77dicGAQ/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxk77dicGAQ)

####VGG16

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/xjIB9t1tLOg/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjIB9t1tLOg)



### Source Video

[street](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wkk_n_yXz0C8nuwPK_1B8bJVJf7vzWeB)

[tunnel](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TDdBmZDtm_02WCLM3ENvnNnm6jUmeJFu)

[rear view](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1pJQ4F1jqUHywI9bw0r2f3R-xyJOghujm)

[night 1](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1r2QyxgAy_dt_30rWZXcHG5TE0zltXdkY)

[night 2](https://drive.google.com/open?id=11NKTl15IPMdowTZnVVW8_HAYSdpTeJU-)
